add event_time page (#6383)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

\* The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## November 2024

> - **New**: Use the `event_time` configuration to specify when an event occurred. This configuration is required for [Incremental microbatch](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) and can be added to ensure you're comparing overlapping times in [Advanced CI's compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci). Available in dbt Cloud Versionless and dbt Core v1.9 and higher. Refer to [event_time](/reference/resource-configs/event-time) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: Use the `event_time` configuration to specify "at what time did the row occur." This configuration is required for [Incremental microbatch](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) and can be added to ensure you're comparing overlapping times in [Advanced CI's compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci). Available in dbt Cloud Versionless and dbt Core v1.9 and higher. Refer to [event_time](/reference/resource-configs/event-time) for more information.
```

## October 2024
 

> - **New**: Use the `event_time` configuration to specify when an event occurred. This configuration is required for [Incremental mircrobatch](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) and can be added to ensure you're comparing overlapping times in [Advanced CI's compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci). Available in dbt Cloud Versionless and dbt Core v1.9 and higher. Refer to [event_time](/reference/resource-configs/event-time) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **New**: Use the `event_time` configuration to specify when an event occurred. This configuration is required for [Incremental microbatch](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) and can be added to ensure you're comparing overlapping times in [Advanced CI's compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci). Available in dbt Cloud Versionless and dbt Core v1.9 and higher. Refer to [event_time](/reference/resource-configs/event-time) for more information.
```

Author: Oof good catch!
